Added bridging script (#433)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/dev/troubleshooting/changelog.md

The following hardhat plugin has been released:

> - `hardhat-zksync-verify` version `0.1.2`: now returns a verification id, which can be used to query the status of a smart contract verification. More info [here](../../api/hardhat/hardhat-zksync-verify.md#verification-status-check)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hardhat-zksync-verify` version `0.1.2`: now returns a verification id. Use this to query the status of smart contract verification. For more information, read the [Hardhat zkSync Era verification doc](../../api/hardhat/hardhat-zksync-verify.md#verification-status-check)
```
